README.md, before:

# Order Tracker

A modern web application for managing orders and products from Etsy and TikTok Shop in one centralized location.

## Features

- 📦 **Order Management**: Sync and manage orders from Etsy and TikTok Shop
- 🛍️ **Product Catalog**: Create and manage products in one place
- 🔄 **Bi-directional Sync**: Import orders and export products to/from platforms
- 📊 **Dashboard**: Overview of orders and products
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- **FastAPI** - Modern, fast Python web framework
- **SQLAlchemy** - SQL toolkit and ORM
- **Alembic** - Database migrations
- **PostgreSQL/SQLite** - Database (SQLite for development, PostgreSQL for production)

### Frontend
- **React 18** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **React Query** - Data fetching and caching
- **React Router** - Routing

## Project Structure

```
order-tracker/
├── backend/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── api/           # API endpoints
│   │   ├── core/          # Core configuration
│   │   ├── models/        # Database models
│   │   ├── schemas/       # Pydantic schemas
│   │   └── services/      # Business logic and integrations
│   ├── alembic/           # Database migrations
│   ├── requirements.txt   # Python dependencies
│   └── .env.example       # Environment variables template
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/    # React components
│   │   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   │   └── services/      # API client
│   └── package.json       # Node dependencies
├── docker-compose.yml     # Docker Compose for PostgreSQL
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.9+
- Node.js 18+
- Docker and Docker Compose (for database) - [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

### Database Setup with Docker Compose

The easiest way to run PostgreSQL for development is using Docker Compose:

1. Start the database:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

This will start:
- PostgreSQL database on port `5432`
- pgAdmin (optional database management UI) on port `5050`

2. Access pgAdmin (optional):
   - URL: http://localhost:5050
   - Email: `admin@order-tracker.local`
   - Password: `admin`

3. Stop the database when done:
```bash
docker-compose down
```

4. Stop and remove all data:
```bash
docker-compose down -v
```

**Database Connection Details:**
- Host: `localhost`
- Port: `5432`
- Database: `order_tracker`
- Username: `ot_user`
- Password: `password`

### Backend Setup

1. Navigate to the backend directory:
```bash
cd backend
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the `backend` directory:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

5. Update the `.env` file with your configuration:
   - The default `DATABASE_URL` is already configured for Docker Compose PostgreSQL
   - If using SQLite instead, change to: `DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///./order_tracker.db`
   - Add your API keys for Etsy and TikTok Shop (when available)

6. Initialize the database:
```bash
# Create migrations
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Initial migration"

# Apply migrations
alembic upgrade head
```

7. Run the development server:
```bash
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`
API documentation at `http://localhost:8000/docs`

### Frontend Setup

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
```bash
cd frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The frontend will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

## API Integration Setup

### Etsy API

1. Create an Etsy app at https://www.etsy.com/developers/
2. Get your API key and secret
3. Add them to your `.env` file:
   ```
   ETSY_API_KEY=your-api-key
   ETSY_API_SECRET=your-api-secret
   ```

**Note**: Etsy uses OAuth 2.0. You'll need to implement OAuth flow to get access tokens. The current implementation has placeholder methods that need to be completed.

### TikTok Shop API

1. Register for TikTok Shop API access
2. Get your API credentials
3. Add them to your `.env` file:
   ```
   TIKTOK_SHOP_API_KEY=your-api-key
   TIKTOK_SHOP_API_SECRET=your-api-secret
   ```

**Note**: TikTok Shop API integration needs to be implemented. The service classes are set up with placeholder methods.

## Development

### Database Migrations

When you modify models, create a new migration:
```bash
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Description of changes"
alembic upgrade head
```

### Running Tests

(To be implemented)

## Next Steps

1. **Complete API Integrations**:
   - Implement OAuth flow for Etsy
   - Complete Etsy order fetching
   - Implement TikTok Shop API integration
   - Add product creation/update methods

2. **Add Authentication**:
   - User registration/login
   - JWT token management
   - Protected routes

3. **Enhanced Features**:
   - Order filtering and search
   - Product variants management
   - Inventory tracking
   - Automated sync scheduling
   - Email notifications

4. **Deployment**:
   - Set up production database
   - Configure environment variables
   - Deploy backend (e.g., Railway, Render, AWS)
   - Deploy frontend (e.g., Vercel, Netlify)

## License

MIT

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

Enhance Etsy API integration and authentication flow. Updated README with detailed setup instructions, added OAuth token management, and implemented order synchronization. Introduced new API endpoints for order count and Etsy authentication status. Updated frontend to handle Etsy authentication and display order counts.

README.md, after:

# Order Tracker

A modern web application for managing orders and products from Etsy and TikTok Shop in one centralized location.

## Features

- 📦 **Order Management**: Sync and manage orders from Etsy and TikTok Shop
- 🛍️ **Product Catalog**: Create and manage products in one place
- 🔄 **Bi-directional Sync**: Import orders and export products to/from platforms
- 📊 **Dashboard**: Overview of orders and products
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- **FastAPI** - Modern, fast Python web framework
- **SQLAlchemy** - SQL toolkit and ORM
- **Alembic** - Database migrations
- **PostgreSQL/SQLite** - Database (SQLite for development, PostgreSQL for production)

### Frontend
- **React 18** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **React Query** - Data fetching and caching
- **React Router** - Routing

## Project Structure

```
order-tracker/
├── backend/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── api/           # API endpoints
│   │   ├── core/          # Core configuration
│   │   ├── models/        # Database models
│   │   ├── schemas/       # Pydantic schemas
│   │   └── services/      # Business logic and integrations
│   ├── alembic/           # Database migrations
│   ├── requirements.txt   # Python dependencies
│   └── .env.example       # Environment variables template
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/    # React components
│   │   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   │   └── services/      # API client
│   └── package.json       # Node dependencies
├── docker-compose.yml     # Docker Compose for PostgreSQL
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.9+
- Node.js 18+
- Docker and Docker Compose (for database) - [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

### Database Setup with Docker Compose

The easiest way to run PostgreSQL for development is using Docker Compose:

1. Start the database:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

This will start:
- PostgreSQL database on port `5432`
- pgAdmin (optional database management UI) on port `5050`

2. Access pgAdmin (optional):
   - URL: http://localhost:5050
   - Email: `admin@order-tracker.local`
   - Password: `admin`

3. Stop the database when done:
```bash
docker-compose down
```

4. Stop and remove all data:
```bash
docker-compose down -v
```

**Database Connection Details:**
- Host: `localhost`
- Port: `5432`
- Database: `order_tracker`
- Username: `ot_user`
- Password: `password`

### Backend Setup

1. Navigate to the backend directory:
```bash
cd backend
```

2. Create a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the `backend` directory:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

5. Update the `.env` file with your configuration:
   - The default `DATABASE_URL` is already configured for Docker Compose PostgreSQL
   - If using SQLite instead, change to: `DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///./order_tracker.db`
   - Add your API keys for Etsy and TikTok Shop (when available)

6. Initialize the database:
```bash
# Create migrations
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Initial migration"

# Apply migrations
alembic upgrade head
```

7. Run the development server:
```bash
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`
API documentation at `http://localhost:8000/docs`

### Frontend Setup

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
```bash
cd frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The frontend will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

## API Integration Setup

### Etsy API

1. **Create an Etsy App**:
   - Go to https://www.etsy.com/developers/
   - Sign in and create a new app
   - Note your API key (keystring) and shared secret
   - Set the redirect URI to: `http://localhost:8000/api/v1/auth/etsy/callback`

2. **Configure Environment Variables**:
   Add to your `backend/.env` file:
   ```
   ETSY_API_KEY=your-api-key-keystring
   ETSY_API_SECRET=your-shared-secret
   ETSY_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:8000/api/v1/auth/etsy/callback
   ```

3. **Authenticate with Etsy**:
   - Start your backend server
   - Visit: `http://localhost:8000/api/v1/auth/etsy/authorize`
   - Copy the `authorization_url` from the response
   - Open that URL in your browser and authorize the app
   - You'll be redirected back and the access token will be saved

4. **Check Authentication Status**:
   - Visit: `http://localhost:8000/api/v1/auth/etsy/status`
   - This shows if you're authenticated and your shop information

5. **Sync Orders**:
   - Use the Sync page in the frontend or call the API:
   - `POST /api/v1/sync/orders/import` with `{"source": "etsy"}`

**Note**: The OAuth token is stored in the database and will be used automatically for API calls. Tokens expire after a period, so you may need to re-authenticate.

### TikTok Shop API

1. Register for TikTok Shop API access
2. Get your API credentials
3. Add them to your `.env` file:
   ```
   TIKTOK_SHOP_API_KEY=your-api-key
   TIKTOK_SHOP_API_SECRET=your-api-secret
   ```

**Note**: TikTok Shop API integration needs to be implemented. The service classes are set up with placeholder methods.

## Development

### Database Migrations

When you modify models, create a new migration:
```bash
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Description of changes"
alembic upgrade head
```

### Running Tests

(To be implemented)

## Next Steps

1. **Complete API Integrations**:
   - Implement OAuth flow for Etsy
   - Complete Etsy order fetching
   - Implement TikTok Shop API integration
   - Add product creation/update methods

2. **Add Authentication**:
   - User registration/login
   - JWT token management
   - Protected routes

3. **Enhanced Features**:
   - Order filtering and search
   - Product variants management
   - Inventory tracking
   - Automated sync scheduling
   - Email notifications

4. **Deployment**:
   - Set up production database
   - Configure environment variables
   - Deploy backend (e.g., Railway, Render, AWS)
   - Deploy frontend (e.g., Vercel, Netlify)

## License

MIT

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
